README.md, before:

# Welcome to my attempt to Learn to Code

My name is Matthew Stewart. This first is my page created in CodeFellows 102 class. It is about the growth mindset as that is the core to success in this program. I was in a rush to get into a github account so I opened the one I use for my [Minecraft Character](https://github.com/Pale-Crusader), which is the username and picture, if you're curious.

These are the note I wrote about Growth Mindset while listening during class:

"Learning is possible" paraphrase of Alfred Binet creator of IQ Test

The actual  quote which I looked up to post here:
_“A few modern philosopher's assert that an individual's intelligence is a fixed quantity, a quantity which cannot be increased. We must protest and react against this brutal pessimism.... With practice, training, and above all, method, we manage to increase our attention, our memory, our judgment and literally to become more intelligent than we were before.”_ ~Alfred Binet

## List of reminders
- If I feel like I need to give up, instead I need to try new strategy.
- These classes and coding is **MEANT** to be hard. Presevere and triumph.
- Learn from mistakes.  
- Remember though I don't know, it is merely I don't know _yet_.

To summarize what the growth mindset is, essentially it is being willing to push past preconcieved limits you've set for yourself and embrace new thinking and pushing through difficulty.

Below I am going to leave the GitHub markdown Definition page for future reference

====

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/Pale-Crusader/learning-journal/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/Pale-Crusader/learning-journal/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.


[Link to Markup Reference](https://pale-crusader.github.io/learning-journal/learning-markdown)
[Link to Text Editors, IDE, and Terminal Manipulation of files and folders](https://pale-crusader.github.io/learning-journal/text-editor)

Commit message:

This is the change where I add table of contents, more terminal commands and the git demo command page

README.md, after:

# Welcome to my attempt to Learn to Code

My name is Matthew Stewart. This first is my page created in CodeFellows 102 class. It is about the growth mindset as that is the core to success in this program. My [GitHub](https://github.com/Pale-Crusader) account was originally Minecraft Character, both is the username and picture, but I have since changed the image to myself as per Assignment directions.

## Table of Contents
* [Link to Markup Reference](https://pale-crusader.github.io/learning-journal/learning-markdown)  
* [Link to Text Editors, IDE, and Terminal Manipulation of files and folders](https://pale-crusader.github.io/learning-journal/text-editor) 
* [Link to Git-Demo Command lines](https://pale-crusader.github.io/learning-journal/git-demo)

These are the note I wrote about Growth Mindset while listening during class:

"Learning is possible" paraphrase of Alfred Binet creator of IQ Test

The actual  quote which I looked up to post here:
_“A few modern philosopher's assert that an individual's intelligence is a fixed quantity, a quantity which cannot be increased. We must protest and react against this brutal pessimism.... With practice, training, and above all, method, we manage to increase our attention, our memory, our judgment and literally to become more intelligent than we were before.”_ ~Alfred Binet

## List of reminders
- If I feel like I need to give up, instead I need to try new strategy.
- These classes and coding is **MEANT** to be hard. Presevere and triumph.
- Learn from mistakes.  
- Remember though I don't know, it is merely I don't know _yet_.

To summarize what the growth mindset is, essentially it is being willing to push past preconcieved limits you've set for yourself and embrace new thinking and pushing through difficulty.

Below I am going to leave the GitHub markdown Definition page for future reference

====

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/Pale-Crusader/learning-journal/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text


[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/Pale-Crusader/learning-journal/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
